# SC-002 Ford Escort Cosworth

## General info

- **Manufacturer** : Ford
- **Model** : Escort Cosworth
- **Alias(es)** : Cossie
- **Racing Class** : Group A
- **Orgin** : USA/UK
- **Color** : White/Blue
- **Birthday** : 30/5/1993
- **Designated counceler** : D-12 Tommi
- **Status** : ~~Safe~~,Recruited 

## Appearance

A taller than average woman with a slim body. 
Has white long hair.
Wears a white hoodie and loose long pants with sports shoes.
On her head is a cap that goes the wrong way, a massive hole is seen on the brim of the cap, shaped like the wing the car form has.

## Personality

Extroverted and boish.

## Description

During the founding of the foundation and the setting up of a headquaters in Switzerland.
She was chosen as the initial target after detailed analysis.
This is due to the frequency of appearance during that time and the closeness to our location.

Plans were not only made regards the procedue of capture, but also the tests we might run if when we get to access the sentient automobile.
Which most of them are not needed given the discovery of her human form.

It was noted that during the planning stage that Nekomi (D-41) suggests that sentient automobiles could be able to shapeshift or trasnform, and even wildly speculated that it might even have a human form, which is found to be the final clue needed to unlock the mystery behind sentient cars running around our streets.
His predictions, despite the support from multiple racing drivers, both retired and current, and even the head of the foundation herself.
The theory was still skeptical at that time.

During the day of capture. A planned three-pronged attack from all of our drivers was executed without hinderance.
However, the disssapearance of the car cuases a major roadblock.
This was solved by catching a witness near by the site it dissapeared which turns out be the target that we were looking for.

She was subsequently held in custody for 48 hours with interrogations happening every now and then with the help of local authorities.
During that time she is willing to cooperate and reveal crucial intel regards this situation, only if we guarantee her freedom in return.
Later after understaning the motives behind this foundation, she is willing to assist us with our future operations.

After interrogation, it was revealed that they are beings comming form another dimension through an unknown phenomonon.
They posess machinery that has a lot of emotion that got put into the process of creating it, and just to happens sports cars, especially ones with motorsport heritage, are the perfect medium to decend into our world.

